[Excel](Link to code sample: Insert external file into Excel) (#2977)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-in-code-samples.md

| Name                | Description         |
|:--------------------|:--------------------|
| [Open in Teams](/samples/officedev/pnp-officeaddins/office-excel-add-in-open-in-teams/) | Create a new Excel spreadsheet in Microsoft Teams containing data you define.|

> | [Insert an external Excel file and populate it with JSON data](/samples/officedev/pnp-officeaddins/excel-add-in-insert-external-file/)  | Insert an existing template from an external Excel file into the currently open Excel file. Then retrieve data from a JSON web service and populate the template for the customer. |

Reviewer: Just a quick suggestion to make this a little less wordy and more direct.
```suggestion
| [Insert an external Excel file and populate it with JSON data](/samples/officedev/pnp-officeaddins/excel-add-in-insert-external-file/)  | Insert an existing template from an external Excel file into the currently open Excel workbook. Then, populate the template with data from a JSON web service. |
```
